.home__description
A world of colonial charm that blends perfectly with its sublime 
surroundings of rolling tea plantations and emerald green forests. 
A beautifully restored bungalow, dating back to the days of the 
British empire, sits amidst the lush vegetation. Hanthana is 
recognized as one of the sri Lanka’s most picturesque regions and 
the panoramic view from our bungalow will not disappoint. This 
heritage residence is reminiscent of a by-gone era, revived to 
accommodate every whim and fancy of the discerning traveller. An 
esplanade of columns, almost Grecian in its grandeur, awaits your 
arrival along with a personal butler who will attend to you 
throughout your stay.
<br><br>
Come, experience the vivid charm of W15 Hanthana Estate and live a 
life of pampered ease on this mountain haven. Be it a week or a 
month, we welcome you in British style with a Sri Lankan smile.

.aboutus__description
Hanthana is ideally located in central Sri Lanka, just southwest 
of the island’s cultural capital, the city of Kandy. It is the 
perfect place to break the journey before exploring the rest of 
the country Since Hanthana (Kandy) is a crossroads to all other 
major cities. Hanthana’s proximity to Kandy makes it a convenient 
location from which to tour the sights and sounds of this city as 
well as other nearby attractions. You can also head towards Nuwara 
Eliya, Colombo, Dambulla, Sigiriya or the southwestern beaches 
within a matter of hours.

